# Airport_Management_System
It is a term project entitled ‘AIRPORT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM’. This project is useful for the airport department as well as the passengers to keep a track of account details. The main objective of the project is to manage the details of flights, passengers, reservation of flights, date, fare. The project is totally built at the administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access. 
This project also provides convenience to the client by easily booking and cancelling the seats as per the requirement. The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for management of data. In this, the concept of connectivity of python with RDBMS (here it is MySQL) is used.
The ‘AIRPORT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM’ project is an attempt to stimulate the basic concepts of the airport managing department. The system enables the passengers to do things such as search for airline flights for two travel cities on a specified date, choose a flight based on the details, reservation of flight as well as cancellation of reservation. This project could be used commercially for booking flights, be it domestic or international. It is 80-85% commercially viable.
 The project has been planned to be having the view of distributed architecture, with centralised storage of database. It takes care of different modules and their associated reports which are produced as per the applicable strategies and standards that are put forwarded by the administrative staff.
